#User Management Screen

##Requirements and Behavior

The user management screen should allow administrators to manage users
in the system. The following requirements should be met:

At left the top of the screen there should be a button to be able to a
new user and next to that box there should be an option box to hide
disabled users.

At the right top of the screen there should be a button to be able to
save the user.

The page should have 2 side . Left half of the screen should keep
database of the users. The database should keep 4 features of users,
including their ID, user Name, Email, and status (the user is Enabled or
Disabled). All of this features should have sorting options. If user
want to change the orders of users, they should able to filter this
features separately.

Right half of the screen display a list of all required to be filled
user informations to save a new user in the system, including their
username, Display Name, phone, email address, user roles (There are 3
different user roles, select one of "Guest, Admin, SuperAdmin") and
status (enabled or disabled). Allow administrators to add new users to
the system by entering their username, Display Name, phone, email
address, user roles and status (enabled or disabled). Allow
administrators to edit user information. Allow administrators to
activate or deactivate users. Allow administrators to delete users.

##UI Components

The user management screen should consist of the following UI
components:

A table displaying a list of all users in the system. Buttons to add,edit, activate/deactivate, and save users. 
Forms for adding/editing users.
Filters on the table to sort.


